# Session Date: 2023-09-07


## Co-Authors
Co-Authored-By: Gregor Riegler <rieglerg85@gmail.com>
Co-Authored-By: Joel Silberman <42779942+jcs-instructor@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-Authored-By: Michael R. Wolf <MichaelRWolf@att.net>
Co-Authored-By: Nitsan Avni <nitsanav@gmail.com>
Co-Authored-By: Rea <reasu@protonmail.com>

# Agenda

## Bond (15 min.)

-   Try a [warmup exercise](../docs/warmup-exercises.md)

## Work the Backlog (75 min.)

-   Consider checking the recent `git log -p`
-   Check the [global backlog](../docs/backlog.md)

## Leave Breadcrumbs (5 min.)

-   Update the [global backlog](../docs/backlog.md)

## Reflect / Retro (25 min.)

### How did that feel?

#### Trying Cursor
- Fun
- Cool
- Interresting
- Challenging
- The level and nuance that chat gpt understands and doesnt understand. 
- GPT is a little bit Booksmart
- Surprised
  - about the isDivisibleBy lambda function refactoring, that was a good one.
- Disappointed
  - was hoping it would do better when you instruct it on a high level

- Noticed how the agile mindset affects personal life, where I prefer fewer inventory
- Today was very experimental
  - had to figure out what to do and how to do it.
  - maybe made a participant uncomfortable
    - wish to make the participant feel more comfortable, but didnt know how.

 - Because there's a gap between the previous and the current session, we reopened a decisionmaking (using cursor vs something else).
   - we had already decided on it last time.
   - could have limited the discussion more on what has been the definitive idea, maybe introducing the thumbvote

 - I thought that Ctrl+L (giving it a whole file) worked faster, and better, but you had to copy code manually.
   - But you wouldn't see the diff
 - Using Ctrl+K felt a little bit slow.
   - The longer the Code got, it felt even slower.
     - Wonder what would have happened if we didnt always select the whole file.
 - Using Ctrl+L it got rid of a good refactoring to.
   - And it hallucinated (reversed expected and actual in the parameterized test)
 
 - Was wondering what prompts it was using under the hood.
 - GPT knows fizzbuzz and kept going ahead
   - to solve that we either
     - had to tell it really specifically what it should do in detail. what we want it to do and what we dont want it to do.
       - "do not make any new requirements. make it simple which includes hardcoded."
   - Idea is to make our own Kata. One that it doesnt know
 - Sad that Cursor or ChatGPT isnt well built for/trained on TDD
   - There are no defaults in the tool to support TDD better
 - Given it uses the API, probably would be expensive with extensive use

### What worked well, we want to do more of it?
- Ctrl+Z (go back) it would include changes in my prompt (so I would not loose any state we were in)
- We were learning what it knew or what it didnt know, and to make a better prompt.
  - It forced us to refine our language to be more specific
    - As we learned how to be more specific we also learned how to be more compact (shorter prompts)
- Use AI, get better at it
 
### Ideas
- [ ] when someone is new or hasnt join the mob in a long time its better to avoid riskier agendas and stick to the tried and true
    - the more we go off the rails the more it might make them feel uncomfortable?
- [ ] use a thumbvote on the previous Idea to avoid getting to deep into discussion again
- [ ] More Cursor experiments
  - [ ] figure out how other people use Cursor (we are concerned that ChatGPT wont remember what we told it about TDD)
  - [ ] Try a Kata with Cursor, that ChatGPT hasnt seen before, so it cant go ahead because it already knows it too well. +1
  - [ ] To try how far to get with high level prompts. Want ChatGPT to figure out the details
    - [ ] Can we find a good prompt template for that (TDD Cycle)?
      - [ ] Is there a tiny prompt that would work?
      - [ ] Are you able to give ChatGPT a context in Cursor? One that is resent everytime.
    - [ ] Train it by giving it a few examples.
  - [ ] Research how other people did TDD with ChatGPT. Maybe we can find better prompts.



-   Consider creating a backlog item if the idea is something we want to implement in a future mobbing session in [global backlog](../docs/backlog.md)
    for an idea (that was generated at this retro).

## Summary (Generated by ChatGPT)

Useful command for today's changes:

```shell
git diff --ignore-all-space `git log --since="1 day ago" --pretty=format:%H | tail -1`
```

Useful prompts:

```
Here are all the changes made to the repo during a single mob programming session

could you please summarize what happened?
what are some main points from the retro that was help at the end?
```

```
here are notes from today's mob programming session retro

please summarize
and aslo - go up one or two levels asking "why?" (values, etc.)
```
