# Session Date: 2023-08-24


## Co-Authors
Co-Authored-By: Gregor Riegler <rieglerg85@gmail.com>
Co-Authored-By: Joel Silberman <42779942+jcs-instructor@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-Authored-By: Nitsan Avni <nitsanav@gmail.com>

# Agenda

## Bond (15 min.)

-   Try a [warmup exercise](../docs/warmup-exercises.md)

## Work the Backlog (75 min.)

-   Consider checking the recent `git log -p`
-   Check the [global backlog](../docs/backlog.md)

## Leave Breadcrumbs (5 min.)

-   Update the [global backlog](../docs/backlog.md)

## Reflect / Retro (25 min.)

### How did that feel?

- It was a Joy +1
- I love todays session +1
- It was cool, the combination of brainstorming to leverage chatGPT and to automation
- I would like to see more of this (AI Assisted Programming)
- Very excited to do process automation. 
- Amazed by how well ChatGPT made the script - it worked and was nicely written.
- We had more ideas and iterated on the process improvement, including just open GitPod and it handles the session notes files.
- Excited for next week - to have other people see it.
- +1 on all of the above
- Was coming in in a really good state after joining dyad meditation
- The bonding that we had felt great, and we had a great connection
- We were talking about traditional development, and we had a non-judgemental view about it, and a growth mindset about being harshly critical. +1

### What worked well, we want to do more of it?

- There was something about rotations I noticed:
  - We're going Typing -> Talking -> Next.
  - I was hungry going to get something to eat, and when I came back I only had to type. So it allowed me to take a small break
  - Helped me rejoin and keep the flow
- Rotations, didnt really think about it. Felt smooth. Didnt feel disruptive. +1
  - I think it sometimes have to do with the task we're working on.
- Using ChatGPT for process optimization
- Putting prompts into temporary text, and iterating on the prompt text. When the result wasn't appropriate, we gave it a completely new but better prompt (instead of just asking it for a small change from the previous prompt). Even subtle changes to the prompt were helpful.
- Make a commit and then revert it for the sake of testing the environment - so it wouldn't pollute anything.
- The whole collaboration and the development worked well today.

### Ideas

- Consider creating a backlog item if the idea is something we want to implement in a future mobbing session in [global backlog](../docs/backlog.md)
  for an idea (that was generated at this retro).
- Remember to checkin with the group more regularly about whether the direction were going is fine or were going in a rabbit hole

## Summary (Generated by ChatGPT)

Useful command for today's changes:

```shell
git diff --ignore-all-space `git log --since="1 day ago" --pretty=format:%H | tail -1`
```

Useful prompts:

```
Here are all the changes made to the repo during a single mob programming session

could you please summarize what happened?
what are some main points from the retro that was help at the end?
```

```
here are notes from today's mob programming session retro

please summarize
and aslo - go up one or two levels asking "why?" (values, etc.)
```
