# Co-Authors (This Session)

## Active Co-Authors
Co-Authored-By: Michael R. Wolf <MichaelRWolf@att.net>
Co-Authored-By: Joel Silberman <42779942+jcs-instructor@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-Authored-By: Gregor Riegler <rieglerg85@gmail.com>
Co-Authored-By: Kitastro <admin@metafor.co.za>
Co-Authored-By: Nitsan Avni <nitsanav@gmail.com>

# Agenda

## Bond (15 min.)

-   Try a [warmup exercise](../docs/warmup-exercises.md)

## Work the Backlog (75 min.)

-   Consider checking the recent `git log -p`
-   Check the [global backlog](../docs/backlog.md)

## Leave Breadcrumbs (5 min.)

-   Update the [global backlog](../docs/backlog.md)

## Reflect / Retro (25 min.)

### How did that feel?

- First our felt great for having discussion
- Second half felt good about a person joining without interrupting
  - New participant had the skill to join the team without disrupting it
  - Just joined right in, and productive
- Feel like I got more perspective on the rest of the world
  - Coding takes time, gettin stuck etc.
  - Schadenfreude
  - We are learning how to do it
- Happy with the way things went overall
- We let it slide a little bit long when we wanted to go to retro
- Found that feature flag was getting into our way removed it
- Made tangible progress towards making something work in the ui
- I felt we were not going to code today and I was totally fine with that.
  - Nitsan was on his phone so he couldn't code
  - But then a new person joined and I was very excited about that.
    - I was worried that we didn't have enough time toe accomplish something to make the new person feel like we accomplished something today
      - That made me feel nervous a little bit
  - I'm glad we are somewhere we know where to go from here.
    - So i feel relieved
    - I think he contributed.
      - he wasn't shiywas just a part of the group
      - noticed he is not used to the way we work, still hard to get used to it
      - one of the things that was a little bit irritating
        - we usually when we are typing we try to make it comfortable for the person talking.
    - You were being curious by going to a different screen 
    - what if it could be both
      - Someone with a fresh perspective can invigorate / decimate
    - he has a sharp mind
  - Unless your uncomfortable you can't grow.
    - felt threatening/enlightening
  - Typing is disjointed (frustrating) when you type too fast on gitpod

The Opposite of Schadenfreude Is Freudenfreude. Here’s How to Cultivate It. (2023). The New York Times. https://www.nytimes.com/2022/11/25/well/mind/schadenfreude-freudenfreude.html

### What worked well, we want to do more of it?

Things went slow, but results came fast.  Everyone's skills increased as we shared what we knew with each other.  That sharing makes a huge impact.


### Ideas

- Picture inconsistent (PlayerDisplay vs Card)

-   Consider creating a backlog item if the idea is something we want to implement in a future mobbing session in [global backlog](../docs/backlog.md)
    for an idea (that was generated at this retro).

## Summary (Generated by ChatGPT)

Useful command for today's changes:

```shell
git diff --ignore-all-space `git log --since="1 day ago" --pretty=format:%H | tail -1`
```

Useful prompts:

```
Here are all the changes made to the repo during a single mob programming session

could you please summarize what happened?
what are some main points from the retro that was help at the end?
```

```
here are notes from today's mob programming session retro

please summarize
and aslo - go up one or two levels asking "why?" (values, etc.)
```
