# Session Date: 2023-12-21

## Facilitated by
Blaise Pabon

## Co-Authors
Co-Authored-By: martin-martin <breuss.martin@gmail.com>
Co-Authored-By: Blaise Pabon <blaise@gmail.com>
Co-Authored-By: Gregor Riegler <rieglerg85@gmail.com>
Co-Authored-By: Michael R. Wolf <MichaelRWolf@att.net>
Co-Authored-By: Joel Silberman <42779942+jcs-instructor@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-Authored-By: Nitsan Avni <nitsanav@gmail.com>

## Inactive Co-Authors
Co-Authored-By: Nathaniel Herman <nathaniel.herman@gmail.com>
Co-Authored-By: 4dsherwood <4dsherwood@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-Authored-By: arrockt <cariari385@gmail.com>
Co-Authored-By: Austin Chadwick <austin.chadwick11@gmail.com>
Co-Authored-By: Blessed538 <blesseddominic98@gmail.com>
Co-Authored-By: Eddie Bush <eddie@craftsmanshipcounts.com>
Co-Authored-By: Gabriel Mbaiorga <gabrielmbaiorga@gmail.com>
Co-Authored-By: Idan Melamed <idanmel@gmail.com>
Co-Authored-By: Rea <reasu@protonmail.com>
Co-Authored-By: Tsvetan Tsvetanov <cpi.cecko@gmail.com>
Co-Authored-By: Willem Larsen <willemlarsen@gmail.com>
Co-Authored-By: David Campey <campey@gmail.com>
Co-Authored-by: Zac Ball <zac156@gmail.com>
Co-Authored-By: Kitastro <admin@metafor.co.za>
Co-Authored-By: Woody Zuill <wzuill@yahoo.com>
Co-Authored-By: Llewellyn Falco <llewellyn.falco@gmail.com>

# Agenda

## Bond (15 min.)

-   Try a [warmup exercise](../docs/warmup-exercises.md)

## Work the Backlog (75 min.)

-   Consider checking the recent `git log -p`
-   Check the [global backlog](../docs/backlog.md)

### Items we could do
0. Python Kata as an Ensemble
1. Review Pull Request from Michael
2. Continue Commit message generator
3. Show and Tell instead of review Michaels Pull Request
4. Align backlog and readme (overall doc) to reflect what we are doing (4)
5. Kata and record it and publish it
6. Continue Kata from last week (6)
7. Make GPT do something new

## Mid Session Retro (5 minute)

Blaise - Delighted hatt it gave Martin a good overview.

Joel - Happy to have new member.  With little taste of cyber-dojo.  Next time -- 3 minutes instead of 2.

Gregor - Happy to have Martin.  We really got into coding rather quick.  Enjoyed it.  Good to cleanup before moving on.  After confusion, referring to readme helped get clarity before moving on.  Intent before "WHAT" helped.

Martin - Fun to try it out.  Timer was stressful.  You can't zone out.  Nice way to make sure we know how to communicate.

Michael - Doing a comfortable kata allowed us to practice our communication skillls. 'Welcome Kata'


## Leave Breadcrumbs (5 min.)

-   Update the [global backlog](../docs/backlog.md)

## Reflect / Retro (25 min.)



### How did that feel?

### What worked well, we want to do more of it?

### Ideas

-   Consider creating a backlog item if the idea is something we want to implement in a future mobbing session in [global backlog](../docs/backlog.md)
    for an idea (that was generated at this retro).

## Summary (Generated by ChatGPT)

Useful command for today's changes:

```shell
git diff --ignore-all-space `git log --since="1 day ago" --pretty=format:%H | tail -1`
```

Useful prompts:

```
Here are all the changes made to the repo during a single mob programming session

could you please summarize what happened?
what are some main points from the retro that was help at the end?
```

```
here are notes from today's mob programming session retro.
Infer values of the team.

{
    $notes    
}
```
