# Session Date: 2023-10-12

## Active Co-Authors

Co-Authored-By: Gregor Riegler <rieglerg85@gmail.com>
Co-Authored-By: Michael R. Wolf <MichaelRWolf@att.net>
Co-Authored-By: Nitsan Avni <nitsanav@gmail.com>
Co-Authored-By: Joel Silberman <42779942+jcs-instructor@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-Authored-By: 4dsherwood <4dsherwood@users.noreply.github.com>

## Inactive Co-Authors

Co-Authored-By: arrockt <cariari385@gmail.com>
Co-Authored-By: Austin Chadwick <austin.chadwick11@gmail.com>
Co-Authored-By: Blessed538 <blesseddominic98@gmail.com>
Co-Authored-By: Eddie Bush <eddie@craftsmanshipcounts.com>
Co-Authored-By: Gabriel Mbaiorga <gabrielmbaiorga@gmail.com>
Co-Authored-By: Idan Melamed <idanmel@gmail.com>
Co-Authored-By: Rea <reasu@protonmail.com>
Co-Authored-By: Tsvetan Tsvetanov <cpi.cecko@gmail.com>
Co-Authored-By: Willem Larsen <willemlarsen@gmail.com>
Co-Authored-By: David Campey <campey@gmail.com>
Co-Authored-by: Zac Ball <zac156@gmail.com>
Co-Authored-By: Kitastro <admin@metafor.co.za>
Co-Authored-By: Woody Zuill <wzuill@yahoo.com>

# Agenda

## Bond (15 min.)

-   Try a [warmup exercise](../docs/warmup-exercises.md)

## Work the Backlog (75 min.)

-   Consider checking the recent `git log -p`
-   Check the [global backlog](../docs/backlog.md)

## Leave Breadcrumbs (5 min.)

-   Update the [global backlog](../docs/backlog.md)

## Reflect / Retro (25 min.)

-   bubbling up what it is what we are actually trying to do
    -   a substitute for cursor AI
    -   we're trying to build our own thing
    -   we learned that the AI hallucinated a lot
-   worked best when we saw something on the screen
    -   then flow was going well
-   as soon as we started discussing only, we had different pictures in our heads

[retro on miro](https://miro.com/welcomeonboard/b1dCVXc1MGpPR0RiZGt3ZktaNkt4VERVVWtRVUh0cDE1d2tmVEFxRWsyYmRmN0FhckxsTnNYa1dFdjZXSjhYWXwzNDU4NzY0NTE4NDUzMjk0ODAwfDI=?share_link_id=52825675110)

####


Blocked



WIP
Legend


Completed

Blocked  
A:


To Do



Add features to "our" CLI that work elsewher like "act"
Task

Make it work like a mob

WIP
Michael (Feathers + Wolf) - Incorporate test into prompt

RPG game
Task

Joel - exploration and learning (and openness/empathy)
WIP  
Boom - palendrome

Ice Breaker
Crossover from work to non-work
Zam - prime number
diana - coaching rock climbing

Buzz -
Michael - Mis en Place
Blank slate
Yes


Talking Stick
Review Woody's comments
Turn Taking
Conversations
Working code
NO
Dancing
Working code w/ tests
Importance of white board


Q:  How will we use this in coding?


To Do
Uses curl(1)
Were using 'cursor'
Q: What is cursor
Understand previous work
A:
Can share ChatGPT 4.
Nitsan has key.
Allows everyone to share 
the same "work space".
Can continue conversation w/ -c argument.
Default is to start a new conversation.
This week - replace code
Diana



Can this be used as a member of the mob?
Define learning objectives
Options
Today's work
Continue ChatGPT
Katas - easy for learning
FizzBUzz (with a tweak)
Use current tool as a team.  Experience it.  Use that to move forward.
What to work on?

Can this be used like cursor(1)?  Because it is easy to capture context.
WIP?

Define chunk of work
Starting point

Split off a small piece from chunk
Last week - generate code

Goal - Continue building tool to make it easy to work w/ ChatGPT _BY_ fiddling with a kata to improve it.
Select start/end
Task


### Ideas

-   Consider creating a backlog item if the idea is something we want to implement in a future mobbing session in [global backlog](../docs/backlog.md)
    for an idea (that was generated at this retro).

## Summary (Generated by ChatGPT)

Useful command for today's changes:

```shell
git diff --ignore-all-space `git log --since="1 day ago" --pretty=format:%H | tail -1`
```

Useful prompts:

```
Here are all the changes made to the repo during a single mob programming session

could you please summarize what happened?
what are some main points from the retro that was help at the end?
```

```
here are notes from today's mob programming session retro.
Infer values of the team.

{
    $notes    
}
```
